and the actor goes to Joaquin Phoenix
[Applause]
celebrating his first win he was
previously nominated in this category
for his performance and walk the line
[Applause]
I was here many years ago and I couldn't
fully appreciate it at the time I now
realized how fortunate I am to be a part
of this community have such reverence
for actors and and what we do I feel
really honored to be here I'd like to
just talk about a little bit about my
fellow nominees if that's a day when I
started acting again and going to
auditions I'd always get to like the
final callback and I think many people
know what that's like and there would
always be like two other guys that I was
up against and we'd always lose to this
one kid and no actor would ever say his
name because it was like too much but
every casting director would whisper it
not SIA Nardo who is this Leonardo
you know you've been administration for
over 25 years to me and so many people I
thank you very very very much
pushing you commit to your roles in ways
that I can only dream of I just you you
never turn into bad performance it's
infuriating I wish you would one time
just suck once be great okay
I've been watching you the last few
years and and you've just been turning
in these beautiful nuanced incredible
profound performances and I'm just so
moved by you and you were just
devastating in this film and and you
should be here and Tarin where are you
I'm so happy for you wherever you are
hey hey man you're so beautiful in this
in this movie and I'm so happy for you
and I can't wait to see what else you do
and really I'm standing here on the the
shoulders of my favorite actor Heath
Ledger so thank you and good night
[Applause]
you